A new project: we're going to start with the massive 20k movie excel spreadsheet that TSPDT provides. Planning on taking the movie, year, and director, and length. And then using tha tto match against TMDB to get the ID. We could probably do this dynamically or JIT, rather than iterating through all 20k movies. Set this up as a next.js project. Kind of want to put things into a sqlite database, idk. Maybe experiment with using cloudflare d1? Let's start with reading the excel spreadsheet. Turning it into a csv or json to get some starting data. Build an interface around that. Will that work? Hopefully! Want to have a simple interface to sort the list, and, most importantly, view director pages. I really like the tspdt director pages but I hate how slow they are and that they don't exist for all directors, just ones that the site maintainer(s?) lovingly create. But really we can just get the selected filmography section, showing what's in the top 20k to start and then moving o to just getting all the movies from TMDB and giving that same chronological output with their place in the top mvies. Also could take the Scorsese and Rosenbaum data as well, like the site does. And also the TSPDT recommendations — I value those! (They are, I believe, listed on one page statically lol.)

In terms of other technologies, I plan to keep this a web app so I think I'm good with sticking with just next.js and tailwind. Want to try out Tamagui, as well, but that's best for React Native, I think.

Idk, it could be cool to pass in other lists as well, but then I'm making a full-blown movie site (and I kind of already had that feature scope with Margins. But it would be nice to have a feature to, for example, translate a Letterboxd list to our system. Maybe by understanding the letterboxd csv export, which i believe has movie and year.)

ok, was going to write my own, but this exists lol:
https://kinoar.github.io/xlsx-to-json/

Think the design will also have a banner image that gets randomly rotated out
Could either dynamically show these or statically download them and display randomly

Sidenote: I don't know why, for the Next.js Tailwind starter, next.js does the most insane tailwind stuff in the demo. The html is unbearably ugly (even more so than usual!)

So sqlite actually is able to ingest csv files. So I think probably best to do that, perhaps. But also would be nice to be able to drop in a csv file and the app can read and handle that. So maybe we do set up d3 handling csv.

might also be worth doing d3 so i can look into data visualizations and the like.

advantage of csv to sql is checking if it exists in db, getting tmdb data from that. maybe storing tmdb data in indexeddb as well or something to cache. or just caching with swr, idk.

this project could overall be a good way to play with design experiments. e.g. do i use poster or still?
